Things to do in no particular order:

1. Fix music code so it plays regardless of if you open the client from the gui or command line.
2. Add an actual playlist, toggle, so that the user can manually start/stop the music.
3. Have some kind of music playing on the title screen
4. Make the server login list look "cooler"
5. Add some kind of macro tab where you can keep track of all the macros you have
set up for your character.
6. Fix the bug showing the wrong spell icons in the display.
7. Replace the crappy looking spell icons.
8. Add a 'paper doll' display which shows what is equipped and where.

Depreciated feature requests:

Have containers present number of objects/number of different objects in
 name.

Add a damfactor display to the client (this would be weapon speed *
damage of the weapon)

Allow the seperation character for keybinding to be set to things other
than semicolon - changes for this would really be to fix up the strtok
in extended_command (common/player.c) to pass in the appropriate string,
and some option in the config pane or someplace to change it - note that
if it is changed by the player, then that function would have to go through
all the keybindings updating the current set of complex keybindings for the
new characters.  MSW 2003-02-19

Have inventory/look/container display mechanism which only show icons and
numbers, and not full names - in a sense, a much condensed view of things.

Add a seperate container view (when one is open) in addition to the ground
one, so it is easier to move things here and there (perhaps support drag and
drop operations for this)



Depreciated clients:

gnome client: Make it work.  IT compiles, but there is something in the
  map code (or someplace else) causing stack overflows.  What really needs
  to get done is for it to share much more of the code with the gtk client.

x11: 
Modify to support variable sized images.  This probably isn't too much work -
   just some modifications in the gen_draw_face/display_mapcell_pixmap functions
   to only copy to relevant portion.

   create_status_icons needs to be redone to load png files instead of Xpm's
   (since we no longer check for Xpm.
